PREREQUISITES

FAST has been successfully installed using dmake in Strawberry Perl for
Windows. Apple computer users can install FAST from the terminal in
Applciations/Utilities.

FAST has some Perl dependencies. Once posted to CPAN, the easiest way
to install FAST with its dependencies will be by executing this
command:

	(sudo) perl -MCPAN -e 'install FAST'

This command may require root priviliges on your system to run, in
which case they may be prepended with "sudo". This caveat is indicated
by enclosing "sudo" with parentheses as in "(sudo)" You can also
follow INSTALLATION instructions below, but you may need to first run
these commands to install FAST dependencies:

      	(sudo) perl -MPCAN -e 'install Sort::Key'
	(sudo) perl -MCPAN -e 'install Sort::MergeSort'
	(sudo) perl -MCPAN -e 'install Bit::Vector'
	(sudo) perl -MCPAN -e 'install Pod::Usage'

INSTALLATION

If you have root privileges, to install this module system-wide, run the
following:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	(sudo) make install


By default, the executables and man-pages usually install in the same
area of your file systems as the perl executable. To see where your
perl is, say:

     	which perl

For convenience, it can be useful to qualify which perl you use to
install FAST, because if you use a standard location, the executables
and man-pages may be found automatically after installation.

For instance, one might have better success using these commands:

	/usr/local/bin/perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	(sudo) make install

However, it is important that the dependencies required by FAST (see
PREEQUISITES above) are installed with the same perl executable as the
one you use to install FAST, e.g.

    	(sudo) /usr/local/bin/perl -MPCAN -e 'install Sort::Key'

To install FAST in your home directory, or at another location in the
system, you may also qualify the installation base directory as follows:

	perl Makefile.PL INSTALL_BASE=/mydir/perl
        make
        make test
        (sudo) make install

SYSTEM-SPECIFIC NOTES
If after successful install of FAST, you are still having trouble
finding the executables and man pages, you may need to add locations
to your shell environmental variables PATH and MANPATH, or reset the cache
of executables in your shell with a command such as 

   	(sudo) rehash

FAST has been successfully installed using dmake in Strawberry Perl for
Windows. Some Windows Perls may cough on "make test" but install otherwise
fine. Apple computer users can install FAST from the terminal in
Applciations/Utilities.
